iteracao 0
pid: 5153 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 0 s
iteracao 1
pid: 5357 execution time: 25 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 2
pid: 7830 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 25 s
iteracao 3
pid: 7831 execution time: 3 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 4
pid: 8023 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 28 s
iteracao 5
pid: 8024 execution time: 25 s
total execution time: 53 s
iteracao 6
pid: 9926 execution time: 0 s
total execution time: 53 s
iteracao 7
pid: 9927 execution time: 1 s
total execution time: 54 s
iteracao 8
pid: 10100 execution time: 22 s
total execution time: 76 s
iteracao 9
pid: 10266 execution time: 22 s
total execution time: 98 s
iteracao 10
pid: 10752 execution time: 21 s
total execution time: 119 s
